Review doc content (#301)
pyansys/openapi-common: CONTRIBUTING.md

# Contributing

Code contributions are welcome. The objective of the documentation

> for the Open API-Common libary is to facilitate an understanding

Reviewer: I know 'Open API-Common' is consistent with other uses of Open API, but having it hyphenated in this way is just a bit difficult to parse: I just read it as Open... API-Common, and then I'm wondering what API-Common is. I think OpenAPI-Common works as a capitalization scheme, but the extra space is just a jarring.

Reviewer: I see you've referred to OpenAPI-Common further down, so is this just a typo?

> Code contributions are welcome. The objective of the documentation
> for the Open API-Common libary is to facilitate an understanding

Author: ```suggestion
Code contributions are welcome. The objective of the OpenAPI-Common
documentation is to facilitate an understanding
```

of the PyAnsys ``openapi-common`` repository.

It is important to note that this Python package is maintained
by Ansys and any submission is reviewed thoroughly before merging.
However, we still seek to foster a community that can support
user questions and develop new features to make this package
useful for all users.  Thus, both questions and submissions
to this repository are welcomed and encouraged.

> For more information about contributting to this project and the build

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information about contributing to this project and the build
```
